Separate project structure in the contributing book into internal and external projects (#252)
FuelLabs/sway-applications: .docs/contributing-book/src/documentation/project-quality/project-structure/external.md

# External Project

> These are projects that expose an interface, e.g., the `ABI` of your contract(s), that can be imported from other projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These are projects that expose an interface, e.g., the `ABI` of your contract(s), that can be imported into other projects.
```

> Here is an example structure for such an application that consists of two separate projects. In this example, `my_library` contains the `ABI` of the contract. `my_contract` depends on `my_library` and contains the implementation of the `ABI`. This structure allows `my_library` to be imported from outside `my_application`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following structure separates the interface of the contract into its own library project so that it can be imported alongside projects in the `my_application` directory and outside of it.
```

```
my_application/
├── my_library/
└── my_contract/
```

> Here, the interface that is exposed for external use is in `my_library` folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The interface has a simple structure in this example because it consists of a single file, `lib.sw`.
```

```
my_library/
├── src/
├──── lib.sw
├── tests/
├── Cargo.toml
└── Forc.toml
```

> `my_contract` folder has a structure similar to an [internal project](internal.md), minus the `interface.sw` file, since the interface is now defined in `my_library`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The contract follows the structure of an [internal project](internal.md) however since the interface is now its own project `interface.sw` has been removed from the `src` directory and it is being imported in the manifest file.
```
